Q1) Personal Message: Store a person’s name in a variable, and print a message to that person. Your message should be simple, such as, “Hello Eric, would you like to learn some Python today?

Q2) Name Cases: Store a person’s name in a variable, and then print that person’s name in lowercase, uppercase, and titlecase.

Q3) Famous Quote: Find a quote from a famous person you admire. Print the quote and the name of its author. Your output should look something like the following, including the quotation marks: Albert Einstein once said, “A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.”

Q4) Famous Quote 2: Repeat Exercise 3, but this time store the famous person’s name in a variable called famous_person. Then compose your message and store it in a new variable called message. Print your message.

Q5) Stripping Names: Store a person’s name, and include some whitespace characters at the beginning and end of the name. Make sure you use each character combination, "\t" and "\n", at least once. Print the name once, so the whitespace around the name is displayed. Then print the name after striping the white spaces.

Q6) Number Eight: Write addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division operations that each result in the number 8. Be sure to enclose your operations in print statements to see the results.

Q7) Favorite Number: Store your favorite number in a variable. Then, using that variable, create a message that reveals your favorite number. Print that message.

Q8) Adding Comments: Choose two of the programs you’ve written, and add at least one comment to each. If you don’t have anything specific to write because your programs are too simple at this point, just add your name and the current date at the top of each program file. Then write one sentence describing what the program does.

Q9) Names: Store the names of a few of your friends in an array called names. Print each person’s name by accessing each element in the list, one at a time.

Q10) Greetings: Start with the array you used in Exercise 9, but instead of just printing each person’s name, print a message to them. The text of each message should be the same, but each message should be personalized with the person’s name.

Q11) Your Own Array: Think of your favorite mode of transportation, such as a motorcycle or a car, and make a list that stores several examples. Use your list to print a series of statements about these items, such as “I would like to own a Honda motorcycle.”

Q12) Guest List: If you could invite anyone, living or deceased, to dinner, who would you invite? Make a list that includes at least three people you’d like to invite to dinner. Then use your list to print a message to each person, inviting them to dinner.

Q13) Changing Guest List: You just heard that one of your guests can’t make the dinner, so you need to send out a new set of invitations. You’ll have to think of someone else to invite. • Start with your program from Exercise 12. Add a print statement at the end of your program stating the name of the guest who can’t make it. • Modify your list, replacing the name of the guest who can’t make it with the name of the new person you are inviting. • Print a second set of invitation messages, one for each person who is still in your list.

Q14) More Guests: You just found a bigger dinner table, so now more space is available. Think of three more guests to invite to dinner. • Start with your program from Exercise 13. Add a print statement to the end of your program informing people that you found a bigger dinner table. • Add one new guest to the beginning of your array. • Add one new guest to the middle of your array. • Use append() to add one new guest to the end of your list. • Print a new set of invitation messages, one for each person in your list.

Q15) Shrinking Guest List: You just found out that your new dinner table won’t arrive in time for the dinner, and you have space for only two guests. • Start with your program from Exercise 14. Add a new line that prints a message saying that you can invite only two people for dinner. • Remove guests from your list one at a time until only two names remain in your list. Each time you pop a name from your list, print a message to that person letting them know you’re sorry you can’t invite them to dinner. • Print a message to each of the two people still on your list, letting them know they’re still invited. • Remove the last two names from your list, so you have an empty list. Print your list to make sure you actually have an empty list at the end of your program.

Q16) Seeing the World: Think of at least five places in the world you’d like to visit. • Store the locations in an array. Make sure the array is not in alphabetical order. • Print your array in its original order. • Print your array in alphabetical order without modifying the actual list. • Show that your array is still in its original order by printing it. • Print your array in reverse alphabetical order without changing the order of the original list. • Show that your array is still in its original order by printing it again. • Reverse the order of your list. Print the array to show that its order has changed. • Reverse the order of your list again. Print the list to show it’s back to its original order. • Sort your array so it’s stored in alphabetical order. Print the array to show that its order has been changed. • Sort to change your array so it’s stored in reverse alphabetical order. Print the list to show that its order has changed.

Q17) Dinner Guests: Working with one of the programs from Exercises 12 through 16, print a message indicating the number of people you are inviting to dinner.

Q18) Think of something you could store in an array. For example, you could make a list of mountains, rivers, countries, cities, languages, or anything else you’d like. Write a program that creates a list containing these items.

Q19) Think of something you could store in a TypeScript Object. Write a program that creates Objects containing these items.

Q20) What happens if you try to assign a value other than a string to the name property of the mountain object?

Q21) Intentional Error: If you haven’t received an array index error in one of your programs yet, try to make one happen. Change an index in one of your programs to produce an index error. Make sure you correct the error before closing the program.

Q22) Think of Your Age: Store your age in a variable. Then create a series of conditional tests. Print a statement describing each test and your prediction for the result of each test.

Q23) Alien Colors #1: Imagine an alien was just shot down in a game. Create a variable called alien_color and assign it a value of 'green', 'yellow', or 'red'. Write an if statement to test whether the alien’s color is green. If it is, print a message that the player just earned 5 points. Write one version that passes the if test and another that fails.

Q24) Alien Colors #2: Choose a color for an alien as you did in Exercise 22. Write an if-else chain. If the alien’s color is green, print a statement that the player just earned 5 points. If the alien’s color isn’t green, print a statement that the player just earned 10 points. Write one version that runs the if block and another that runs the else block.

Q25) Alien Colors #3: Turn your if-else chain from Exercise 23 into an if-else chain with three conditions. If the alien is green, print that the player earned 5 points. If the alien is yellow, print that the player earned 10 points. If the alien is red, print that the player earned 15 points. Write three versions of this program.

Q26) Stages of Life: Write an if-else chain that determines a person’s stage of life. Set a value for the variable age. If the person is less than 2, print a message saying they are a baby. If they are between 2 and 4, print that they are a toddler, and so on, up to adult and elder.

Q27) Favorite Fruit: Make a list of your three favorite fruits and write five if statements that check whether a certain fruit is in your list. If it is, print a message like "You really like bananas!"

Q28) Hello Admin: Make a list of five usernames, including 'admin'. Loop through the list and print a special greeting to the admin. Print a generic greeting to the other users.

Q29) No Users: Add an if test to the code from Q27 to make sure the list of users isn’t empty. Remove all the usernames and make sure the correct message is printed.

Q30) Checking Usernames: Create two lists of usernames: current_users and new_users. Check if each new user’s name is already taken by comparing to current_users. Ensure the check is case-insensitive.

Q31) Ordinal Numbers: Store the numbers 1 through 9 in a list and print the appropriate ordinal suffix for each number (e.g., 1st, 2nd, 3rd).

Q32) Pizzas: Think of at least three kinds of your favorite pizza. Store these pizza names in a list. Use a loop to print the name of each pizza, followed by a sentence like "I like pepperoni pizza." At the end, print how much you love pizza.

Q33) Animals: Think of at least three animals that have a common characteristic. Store their names in a list and print each name. Then, print a statement about each animal, and a final statement about what they have in common.

Q34) T-Shirt: Write a function that accepts a shirt size and a message to be printed on it. Print a summary of the size and the message.

Q35) Large Shirts: Modify the function from Q33 so that large shirts with a default message are the default size. Make a large shirt, a medium shirt, and a small shirt with different messages.

Q36) Cities: Write a function that accepts a city name and its country, with the country having a default value. Call the function for three different cities, one of which isn’t in the default country.

Q37) City Names: Write a function that takes the name of a city and a country and returns a formatted string like "Lahore, Pakistan."

Q38) Album: Write a function that builds an object describing a music album. Include an optional parameter for the number of tracks. Use the function to make three objects, printing each one.

Q39) Magicians: Make a list of magician names. Write a function that prints each name in the list.

Q40) Great Magicians: Modify the list from Q38 to add "the Great" to each magician’s name. Write a function to print the modified list.

Q41) Unchanged Magicians: Modify the function from Q39 so that the original list is unchanged, but return a modified copy with "the Great" added. Print both lists to show the difference.

Q42) Sandwiches: Write a function that accepts a list of sandwich ingredients and prints a summary of the sandwich. Call the function with different numbers of ingredients.

Q43) Cars: Write a function that stores information about a car. The function should accept the manufacturer and model, as well as additional arguments for other details (e.g., color, features).